Clarify/add instructions in README.md (#139)
tweetback/tweetback: docs/deploy-with-github-pages.md

### Deploy with GitHub Pages

Follow these steps to deploy the generated archive to [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/):

0. **Create a repository**: [Create a new empty GitHub repository](https://github.com/new)
0. **Build the site**: Follow the [instructions to build the web site](https://github.com/tweetback/tweetback#build-the-web-site)
   * Note: unless you use a custom domain, you will need to pass your repo's name as your `--pathprefix` option
0. **Navigate to the `_site` folder**: Open a terminal and `cd` into the `_site` folder (where the generated files are located)
0. **Initialize git**: Run `git init` to initialize the folder as a Git repository
0. **Add your GitHub repository**: Run `git remote add origin https://github.com/USERNAME/REPO.git`
0. **Disable Jekyll**: Tell GitHub Pages not to use Jekyll (required for some setups per [this issue](https://github.com/tweetback/tweetback/issues/96)): `touch .nojekyll`

> 0. *(Optional)* **Exclude Mac-specific files**: If you're on Mac, prevent `.DS_Store` from syncing: `echo ".DS_Store" >> .gitignore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. *(Optional)* **Exclude unwanted files**: It may be useful to set up a `.gitignore` file to prevent unwanted files from being stored in the repository. For example, if you're on Mac, to prevent `.DS_Store` from syncing, you could run: `echo ".DS_Store" >> .gitignore`
```
